there's tie breakers so if they get away
and score they keep wrestling right and
if one has more writing time than the
other
there is declared the winner but if they
both write each other out they go to
them next one minute sudden victory gain
separation and scores at what point
fellas there's fatigue become a factor
in overtime a toe is hurt yeah and
there's and they're saying one escape
but not to take down and it looks like
the head coach there on the black shirt
as escaped
we see great hand control by priests in
there he reaches down tries to hang on
it's right there and it's right here it
says it might his shoulder he came down
on his shoulder it's in the arm but I
think Costa says he's not right I don't
blame him for arguing but it happened as
they escaped so therefore it's one
escape and the matchless stopped right
now the injury time right now is running
down they've got a minute and a half and
if he can't go when it comes down he's
45 seconds left he'll have to say it's
over and the northwestern wrestler
Creason will be declared the winner
because there was nothing illegal about
the movie escape top-seed angel Escobedo
of indiana right now literally hurting
and trailing with priests in' we know
this right now it's two to one this is
the 32nd period and here is the escape
by priests in good hand control and you
know what it's you could see his
shoulder pop out I think and it's just
one of those freak things as he came
down and they want the reversal here
didn't get it got the one point for the
escape and what they wanted was the gut
and escape then he came around for the
takedown right and they're not going to
give that takedown because they believe
the whistle but it's over I don't think
he's not gonna be able to go up don't
think he can go anymore
he said this is the NCAA I see two on
the scoreboard with priests and